---
date: 2022-12-01 12:00:00
layout: post
title: How is the trading NIKKEI (JP225) with XM.
subtitle: The Nikkei 225, also known as the Nikkei Stock Average or Japan 225
description: At XM we offer Nikkei (JP225) as cash and futures CFDs. Our cash index CFDs are undated transactions that aim to replicate the cash price of the underlying index
image: https://e-fx.github.io/assets/img/JP225.jpg
optimized_image: https://e-fx.github.io/assets/img/JP225.jpg
category: stock
tags:
  - JP225
  - NIKKEI
  - trade
  - stock
author: e-FX
---

## The Nikkei 225

The Nikkei 225, also known as the Nikkei Stock Average or Japan 225, is a stock market index that tracks the performance of 225 large publicly traded companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE). The index is widely considered to be a barometer of the overall health of the Japanese stock market and is often used as a benchmark for the performance of mutual funds and other investment vehicles.

The Nikkei 225 is a price-weighted index, which means that the weight of each company in the index is proportional to its stock price. The index is calculated by adding up the stock prices of the 225 companies and dividing the total by a divisor, which is adjusted to account for corporate actions such as stock splits and dividends.

The Nikkei 225 is a popular choice for investors looking to gain exposure to a broad range of large, well-established companies in the Japanese stock market. The index is highly diversified, covering a range of sectors including technology, consumer goods, financial services, and industrial companies.



### Why Trade Nikkei (JP225) with XM?
At XM we offer Nikkei (JP225) as cash and futures CFDs. Our cash index CFDs are undated transactions that aim to replicate the cash price of the underlying index, and so they are adjusted for interest and dividends. Index futures CFDs expire on specific future dates and are cash-settled on the expiry date.

<b>Benefits of trading Nikkei (JP225) with XM:</b>

- Zero Commissions
- Zero Fees
- Low Margin Requirements


### Trading Conditions

#### JP225 CASH

<table>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Margin requirement</b></td><td><b>100 %</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Symbols</td><td>JP225Cash</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Description</td><td>Japan 225</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min. Price Fluctuation</td><td>1.00000</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Value of Minimum Price Fluctuation</td><td>JPY 1</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Value of 1 lot</td><td>1 Japan 225 index</td>
	</tr>
<td><b>Spreads as low as</b></td><td><b>6</b></td>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT4</td><td>0.1/12500</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT5</td><td>0.1/10000</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Swap Value in Margin Currency Long</td><td>-2.22</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Swap Value in Margin Currency Short</td><td>-2.33</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Limit and Stop Levels</td><td>0</td>
	</tr>


#### JP225 FUTURE
<table>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Margin requirement</b></td><td><b>100 %</b></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Symbols</td><td>JP225</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Description</td><td>Japan 225</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min. Price Fluctuation</td><td>1.00000</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Value of Minimum Price Fluctuation</td><td>JPY 1</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Value of 1 lot</td><td>1 Japan 225 index</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
<td><b>Spreads as low as</b></td><td><b>16</b></td></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT4</td><td>1/12500</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT5</td><td>0.1/10700</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Limit and Stop Levels</td><td>0</td>
	</tr>

### How to Start Trading Nikkei (JP225)?

Step 1
Open an XM Real Account

Step 2
Download and log in to either the MT4 or MT5 platform

Step 3
Double-click on Nikkei (JP225) from the “Market Watch” to open an order for this instrument.

Visit [XM Official Website](https://clicks.pipaffiliates.com/c?c=550036&l=en&p=0).




