---
date: 2022-12-01 12:00:00
layout: post
title: How is the trading DAX (GER40) with XM.
subtitle: The DAX is a price-weighted index, which means that the weight of each company in the index is proportional to its stock price.
description: The DAX is a stock market index that tracks the performance of 30 large publicly traded companies listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in Germany. 
category: 'stock'
image: /assets/img/GER40.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/GER40.jpg
tags:
  - DAX
  - GER40
  - trade
  - stock
author: e-FX
---

## DAX (GER40)

The DAX, also known as the Deutscher Aktienindex or German Stock Index, is a stock market index that tracks the performance of 30 large publicly traded companies listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in Germany. The index is widely considered to be a barometer of the overall health of the German stock market and is often used as a benchmark for the performance of mutual funds and other investment vehicles.

The DAX is a price-weighted index, which means that the weight of each company in the index is proportional to its stock price. The index is calculated by adding up the stock prices of the 30 companies and dividing the total by a divisor, which is adjusted to account for corporate actions such as stock splits and dividends.

The DAX is a popular choice for investors looking to gain exposure to a broad range of large, well-established companies in the German stock market. The index is highly diversified, covering a range of sectors including healthcare, technology, consumer goods, and financial services.



### Why Trade DAX (GER40) with XM?

At XM we offer DAX (GER40) as cash and futures CFDs. Our cash index CFDs are undated transactions that aim to replicate the cash price of the underlying index, and so they are adjusted for interest and dividends. Index futures CFDs expire on specific future dates and are cash-settled on the expiry date.

<b>Benefits of trading DAX (GER40) with XM:</b>

- Zero Commissions
- Zero Fees
- Low Margin Requirements


### Trading Conditions

#### GER40 CASH

<table>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Margin requirement</b></td><td><b>100 %</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Symbols</td><td>GER40Cash</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Description</td><td>Germany 40</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min. Price Fluctuation</td><td>0.01000</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Value of Minimum Price Fluctuation</td><td>EUR 0.01</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Value of 1 lot</td><td>1 Germany 40 index</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><b>Spreads as low as</b></td><td><b>1</b></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT4</td><td>0.1/12500</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT5</td><td>0.1/230</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Swap Value in Margin Currency Long</td><td>-1.7</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Swap Value in Margin Currency Short</td><td>-0.61</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Limit and Stop Levels</td><td>0</td>
	</tr>
	</table>


#### GER40 FUTURE

<table>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Margin requirement</b></td><td><b>100 %</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Symbols</td><td>GER40</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Description</td><td>Germany 40</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Min. Price Fluctuation</td><td>0.01000</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Value of Minimum Price Fluctuation</td><td>EUR 0.01</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Value of 1 lot</td><td>1 Germany 40 index</td>
	</tr>
		<td><b>Spreads as low as</b></td><td><b>2</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT4</td><td>1/12500</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT5</td><td>0.1/230</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Limit and Stop Levels</td><td>0</td>
	</tr>
</table>


### How to Start Trading DAX (GER40)?

Step 1
Open an XM Real Account

Step 2
Download and log in to either the MT4 or MT5 platform

Step 3
Double-click on DAX (GER40) from the “Market Watch” to open an order for this instrument.