---
date: 2022-12-01 12:00:00
layout: post
title: How is the trading DOW JONES (US30) with XM.
subtitle: Dow Jones is a stock market index that tracks the performance of 30 large publicly traded companies listed on the stock exchanges in the United States.
description: The Dow is a price-weighted index, which means that the weight of each company in the index is proportional to its stock price.
category: 'stock'
image: https://e-fx.github.io/assets/img/US30.jpg
optimized_image: https://e-fx.github.io/assets/img/US30.jpg
tags:
  - DOWJONES
  - DOW
  - US30
  - trade
  - stock
author: e-FX
---

## DOW JONES (US30)

The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), also known as the Dow 30 or simply the Dow, is a stock market index that tracks the performance of 30 large publicly traded companies listed on the stock exchanges in the United States. The index is one of the oldest and most widely followed stock market indices in the world, and it is often used as a benchmark for the performance of the overall US stock market.

The Dow is a price-weighted index, which means that the weight of each company in the index is proportional to its stock price. The index is calculated by adding up the stock prices of the 30 companies and dividing the total by a divisor, which is adjusted to account for corporate actions such as stock splits and dividends.

The Dow is a popular choice for investors looking to gain exposure to a diverse range of large, well-established companies in the US stock market. The index is highly diversified, covering a range of sectors including healthcare, technology, consumer goods, and financial services.



### Why Trade Dow Jones (US30) with XM?

At XM we offer Dow Jones (US30) as cash and futures CFDs. Our cash index CFDs are undated transactions that aim to replicate the cash price of the underlying index, and so they are adjusted for interest and dividends. Index futures CFDs expire on specific future dates and are cash-settled on the expiry date.

<b>Benefits of trading Dow Jones (US30) with XM:</b>

- Zero Commissions
- Zero Fees
- Low Margin Requirements


### Trading Conditions

#### US30 CASH

<table>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Margin requirement</b></td><td><b>100 %</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Symbols</td><td>US30Cash</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Description</td><td>Wall Street 30</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min. Price Fluctuation</td><td>0.01000</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
<td>Value of Minimum Price Fluctuation</td><td>USD 0.01</td>
	</tr>
<td>Value of 1 lot</td><td>1 Wall Street 30 index</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Spreads as low as</b></td><td><b>2.5</b></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT4</td><td>0.1/12500</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT5</td><td>0.1/150</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Swap Value in Margin Currency Long</td><td>-6.21</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Swap Value in Margin Currency Short</td><td>0.73</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Limit and Stop Levels</td><td>0</td>
	</tr>
</table>

#### US30 FUTURE
<table>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Margin requirement</b></td><td><b>100 %</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Symbols</td><td>US30</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Description</td><td>Wall Street 30</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min. Price Fluctuation</td><td>0.01000</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Value of Minimum Price Fluctuation</td><td>USD 0.01</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Value of 1 lot</td><td>1 Wall Street 30 index</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><b>Spreads as low as</b></td><td><b>5</b></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT4</td><td>1/12500</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Min/Max Trade Size MT5</td><td>0.1/160</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td>Limit and Stop Levels</td>
	</tr>
</table>


### How to Start Trading Dow Jones (US30)?

Step 1
Open an XM Real Account

Step 2
Download and log in to either the MT4 or MT5 platform

Step 3
Double-click on Dow Jones (US30) from the “Market Watch” to open an order for this instrument.

Visit [XM Official Website](https://clicks.pipaffiliates.com/c?c=550036&l=en&p=0).